[925] Improve multiline dictionary and list indentation for sole function parameter (#3964)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

### Preview style

> - Fix merging implicit multiline strings that have inline comments (#3956)
> - Multiline dictionaries and lists that are the sole argument to a function are now
>   indented less (#3964)
> - Allow empty first line after block open before a comment or compound statement (#3967)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiline dictionaries and lists that are the sole argument to a function are now
  indented less (#3964)
```

The other two were released

Author: Sorry, bad merge on this

### Preview style

- Fix merging implicit multiline strings that have inline comments (#3956)

> - Improve multiline dictionary and list indentation for sole function parameter (#3964)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multiline dictionaries and lists that are the sole argument to a function are now indented less (#3964)
```
The changelog entry should just describe the change; it's up to the reader to judge whether it's an improvement :)
